doc: Enhances README with additional MongoDB Atlas and AWS CloudFormation documentation links and resource support details (#1313)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: README.md

[![Code Health](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/actions/workflows/code-health.yaml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/actions/workflows/code-health.yaml)
[![Contract Testing](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/actions/workflows/contract-testing.yaml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/actions/workflows/contract-testing.yaml)

Use [AWS CloudFormation](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/) to manage [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas). See our [documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/products/integrations/aws-cloudformation) for quick starts and common questions. For a list of supported resources you can activate in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY), see [here](cfn-resources/README.md).

> 

Reviewer: [nit] I'd move the supported list & notes to either https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/blob/a47333028966f5af35309b327847cf446ce22b35/README.md#limitations or https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/blob/a47333028966f5af35309b327847cf446ce22b35/README.md#support-bugs-feature-requests as they are more logical sections.

Also, under https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/blob/a47333028966f5af35309b327847cf446ce22b35/README.md#mongodb-atlas-cloudformation, I'd add a banner/note stating:
```
For all examples, first enable resources in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY) (select "Third party" as `Provider` and search by "MongoDB::Atlas")
```

> [![Code Health](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/actions/workflows/code-health.yaml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/actions/workflows/code-health.yaml)

Reviewer 2: @themantissa do we also want to remove "& AWS Partner Solution Deployments" from the title of this README?

Reviewer 3: @marcosuma yes please.   I cannot find any mention of what we used to have, quick starts, in what is now called as AWS Partner Solutions.  You can see what does come up and what it links to here: https://partners.amazonaws.com/search/solutions/?keyword=mongodb&page=2.  All I can find is what is built into the marketplace, e.g. this one is under the CDK getting started (https://fwd.aws/z6e49). So we know the CDK example is still there but not linkable.

Reviewer 2: ok, @EspenAlbert let's remove this part from the title.

Author: Changed in 47331d6e1ce0b2fb497aac52f5ebc9e272921621

[![Contract Testing](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/actions/workflows/contract-testing.yaml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/actions/workflows/contract-testing.yaml)

- Use AWS CloudFormation to manage [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas).
- See our MongoDB Atlas and AWS CloudFormation [documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/products/integrations/aws-cloudformation) for quick starts and common questions.

> - See [MongoDB Atlas AWS CloudFormation Custom Resource Type](cfn-resources/README.md) for a list of supported resources you can activate in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- See [MongoDB Atlas AWS CloudFormation Custom Resource Type](cfn-resources/README.md) for a list of supported resources that you can activate in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY).
```

> - See [MongoDB Atlas AWS CloudFormation Custom Resource Type](cfn-resources/README.md) for a list of supported resources you can activate in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY).

Reviewer 5: nit: when accessing the link, I get redirected to <url>?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=**AWS_TYPES** instead of THIRD_PARTY. It might be confusing for users

Reviewer 2: same, might just be worth it to say in parenthesis (select "Third Party" publisher and search for `MongoDB::Atlas::`)

> - See [MongoDB Atlas AWS CloudFormation Custom Resource Type](cfn-resources/README.md) for a list of supported resources you can activate in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For a list of supported resources you can activate in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY), see [here](cfn-resources/README.md).
```

>   - We only support resources enabled in the AWS Third Party Registry.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  - We only support resources published in the AWS Third Party Registry.
```
enabling/activating is something that users do once the resource is published

>   - We only support resources enabled in the AWS Third Party Registry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - We **only** support resources enabled in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY) (select "Third party" as `Provider` and search by "MongoDB::Atlas").
```

Reviewer 2: it's a pity there isn't a sort of resource/provider directory that AWS provides and put that link here

>   - We only support adding updates and fixes to the latest release and that we strongly encourage users to keep updated to the latest version of the resources.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - We only add features and fix bugs in the latest release. We strongly encourage all users to update to the latest version to benefit from these improvements.
```

  - We only support adding updates and fixes to the latest release and that we strongly encourage users to keep updated to the latest version of the resources.

> Partner Solutions (formally AWS Quick Starts) are automated reference deployments built by Amazon Web Services (AWS) solutions architects and AWS Partners. Partner Solutions help you deploy popular technologies to AWS according to AWS best practices. The quickest way to get started is to launch the official [MongoDB Atlas on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/architecture/mongodb-atlas/) Partner Solution Deployment directly from the AWS Management Console.

Author: I couldn't find any meaningful link to put here.
[The new partnership package has no quick starts](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-pp445qepfdy34?did=sl_card&trk=sl_card).
I have the feeling [this](https://github.com/mongodb-developer/get-started-aws-cfn) was the old quickstart.

Reviewer 2: cc @themantissa to flag and confirm the removal of this section

Reviewer 3: I wrote my above comment before I got here but agree with @EspenAlbert  - the only working link I found was sorta buried and really about CDK.   We'll dig into this later but removing for now is the right next step.

> Support for the MongoDB Atlas Resource Provider for CloudFormation is provided under MongoDB Atlas support plans, starting with Developer. Please submit support questions within the Atlas UI. In addition, support questions submitted under the Issues section of this repo are also being monitored. Bugs should be filed under the Issues section of this repo.

Reviewer 3: I'm concerned we don't note that support submitted via repo has no SLA, etc.  Also we should point customers to the support portal.  Can we change this to: 
```suggestion
Support for the MongoDB Atlas Resource Provider for CloudFormation is provided under MongoDB Atlas support plans, starting with Developer. Please submit support questions via the [Support Portal](https://support.mongodb.com/). Support questions submitted under the Issues section of this repo are monitored but have no SLA and are best effort. Bugs should be filed under the Issues section of this repo.
```

Author: Changed in 47331d6e1ce0b2fb497aac52f5ebc9e272921621

**Please note**:

> - We **only** support resources enabled in the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY) (select "Third party" as `Provider` and search by "MongoDB::Atlas").

Reviewer 3: Just a bit of explanation and clarity: 

```suggestion
- In order to ensure the highest quality experience and support, we only support resources enabled via the [AWS Cloudformation Third Party registry](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY) (select "Third party" as `Provider` and search by "MongoDB::Atlas").  Any usage outside of this workflow is not supported or recommended.  
```

Reviewer 3: Also in reading over the rest of the README - I think we need a header (double #) on "Enabling" that further reiterates where to enable the resources, i.e. the 3rd party registry.  And also to do so in each acct/region needed.    We only have this in troubleshooting but a header on Enabling hopefully will keep them out of troubleshooting.   We might also want to include an "Upgrade" header?

Author: Changed in a86cd5d0d58778774119fddc10ce7e21475f837f to refer to our existing `Activate the MongoDB Atlas CloudFormation public extensions` which is more complete. WDYT?

Author: Regarding Upgrade, I added a new guide here: a147282f41c7072f455b8de90a705122fda3fc70

> - We **only** add features and fix bugs in the latest release. We strongly encourage all users to update to the latest version to benefit from these improvements.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- New features, functionality, and fix bugs are only included in the latest release. Hence, we strongly encourage all users to always update to the latest version to benefit from these improvements.
```

Author: Changed in 47331d6e1ce0b2fb497aac52f5ebc9e272921621
